Align docs restructure with current schema workflow (#417)
garden-co/jazz: docs/content/docs/reference/server-setup.mdx

### Backend identity pattern

On the client side, queries automatically run as the logged-in user. On a server-connected backend,
create the context once at startup, then choose whether work should run as the backend itself or as
the caller.

- `context.asBackend()` returns a `Db` that uses `backendSecret` for sync/auth when this process
  talks to a Jazz server.
- `context.forRequest(req)` returns a `Db` that runs queries as the authenticated user who made
  the request, so permission policies apply to them rather than the process itself.

In TypeScript backends, create the context once with both `app` and `permissions`, then use
`context.asBackend()` for server-owned work and `context.forRequest(req)` when you need a
bearer-JWT-scoped high-level `Db`.

`forRequest` reads authentication from standard HTTP headers, so `req` can be any object that exposes them: Express, Hono, Fastify, or a Web Fetch API `Request` all work.

<Callout type="info">

>   `context.db()` still exists for embedded or local-only runtime setups, but it is not the primary
>   pattern for server-connected backends.
> </Callout>

Reviewer: I think this reads a bit unusually for someone who hasn't come across it before.

```suggestion
<Callout type="info">
  For embedded or local-only runtime setups where your backend is not connected to a server, use `context.db()` to get an unscoped, unauthenticated handle. This allows read/write access to the database directly, without permissions being evaluated.
</Callout>
```
